[DOC-12753] FTS BM25 Scoring Algorithm (#359)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/search/pages/search-request-params.adoc

err: query_validate: field not indexed, field: ratings.Cleanliness, type: number
----

|[[global_scoring]]global_scoring |Boolean |No a|

[.status]#Couchbase Server 8.0#

Add the `global_scoring` property with a value of `true` to ensure consistent and stable result ordering with the xref:run-searches.adoc#bm25[bm25 scoring algorithm], when you have a large, partitioned Search index.
`global_scoring` aggregates document scoring across partitions to help maintain relative scoring, but uses more compute resources and increases search times.
If you do not use `global_scoring`, result ordering can change based on your Search index's partition count.

You can only use `global_scoring` if you're using the xref:run-searches.adoc#bm25[bm25 scoring algorithm].

> The setting has no effect if your `scoring_model` is set to `tfidf`.

Reviewer: Similar comment about the dash.
```suggestion
The setting has no effect if your `scoring_model` is set to `tf-idf`.
```
